Add a section in the documentation about placeholder usage (#7859)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/config.adoc

Using `@ConfigProperty("quarkus.profile")` will *not* work properly.
====

=== Using placeholders

Quarkus supports the use of placeholders in the application.properties file. This allows the replacement of the used string by the value on compilation time.

The placeholder can be used by enclosing the key inside `${}`.

For example having the following property:

[source,properties]
----

> remote.host=google.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remote.host=quarkus.io
```

No big deal, just a "eat our own dog food" thing :smile:

----
having another property defined as

[source,properties]
----
callable.url=http://${remote.host}/
----

> will result on the value of the `callable.url` property to be at compilation time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will result on the value of the `callable.url` property to be set at compilation time
```

Using `@ConfigProperty("quarkus.profile")` will *not* work properly.
====

=== Using placeholders

> Quarkus supports the use of placeholders in the application.properties file. This allows the replacement of the used string by the value on compilation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus supports the use of placeholders in the `application.properties` file on build time.
```

It does result in one more line in this example but the value of `application.server` can be reused in other properties, diminishing the possibility of typos and providing more flexibility in properties definitions.

=== Combining placeholders and environment variables

Quarkus also supports the combination of both placeholders and environment variables.

Let's assume you have following property defined in `application.properties`
[source,properties]
----
remote.host=quarkus.io
----

You can combine environment variables and placeholders by having a property defined as follow
[source,properties]
----
application.host=${HOST:remote.host}
----

> This will expand the HOST environment variable and use the value of the property `remote.host` as the default value if `HOST` is not set.

Reviewer 2: Actually, this didn't work for me. To get the effect that is described, I had to do:

```
application.host=${HOST:${remote.host}}
``` 

Which also means that something like this would even work:

```
application.host=${HOST:${remote.host:localhost}}
```

Would you like to give it a shot and update if you see the same effect?
